# IS211_FinalProject
  The Blog App is a final project for IS 211 001[15621] class done by Brandon Juarez. This project is a blogging web application using Flask, SQLAlchemy, and Flask-Login that can allow a user to create, edit, delete and manage blog posts.  Users must authenticate with a username and password to perform actions like posting or editing content. The app also supports categories, where posts can be grouped and organized. User authentification is performed by the Flask-Login and it's username is designated to "admin" while the password is "password123". You can login by pressing the login button or the add post button which will rediriect you to the login page. Once you wnter you can see all the posts you have specifically made and can add a new one, edit an existing one or even unpiblish one from public. You can designate a category to your liking by writing it. This can give the user full freedom to name whatever category they want as they desire. When you create a new post, you can fully enlarge the writing field of your blog post for more better viewing until you post it. When you create it, it will be on the homepage until you logout and see it. As for the database, SQLAlchemy is used to store the data you input for their posts and categories. 
  The Blog App uses three main models fo the user, category, and post. The user model handels the user and authentication, the post model manages the blog post, and the category model handles the posts with their categories. All post are only viewable on the home page and you can add, edit or unpublish by logging in. You run the app by cloning the repository and running the app.py which will use everything in the Blog App folder to run. This includes the templates folder and all the html files that help with the look of the blog and their actions. After running, it will give you a link to go to the blog on a website, usually this one, http://127.0.0.1:5000/ . Using extensive definitions and classes, this blog will run with no issue and can be excellent for any user to use and understand.
